Update Generator example (#2858)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/nodes_and_pipelines/nodes.md

## How to use generator functions in a node

[Generator functions](https://learnpython.org/en/Generators) were introduced with [PEP 255](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0255) and are a special kind of function in Python that returns lazy iterators. They are often used for lazy-loading or lazy-saving of data, which can be particularly useful when dealing with large datasets that do not fit entirely into memory. In the context of Kedro, generator functions can be used in nodes to efficiently process and handle such large datasets.

### Set up the project

> To demonstrate the usage of generator functions in Kedro nodes, first, set up a Kedro project using the `pandas-iris` starter. If you haven't already created a Kedro project, you can follow the [get started guide](../get_started/new_project.md#create-a-new-project-containing-example-code) to create one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To demonstrate the use of generator functions in Kedro nodes, first, set up a Kedro project using the `pandas-iris` starter. If you haven't already created a Kedro project, you can follow the [get started guide](../get_started/new_project.md#create-a-new-project-containing-example-code) to create it.
```

> You can create the project with this command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the project with this command
```

```bash
kedro new -s pandas-iris
```

> ### Reading data with Generators

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Loading data with Generators
```
Because we always talk about "loading" data and not reading data.

> To utilize generator functions in Kedro nodes, you need to update the `catalog.yml` file to include the `chunksize` argument for the relevant dataset that will be processed using the generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use generator functions in Kedro nodes, you need to update the `catalog.yml` file to include the `chunksize` argument for the relevant dataset that will be processed using the generator.
```

You need to add a new dataset in your `catalog.yml` as follow:
```diff
+ X_test:
+  type: pandas.CSVDataSet
+  filepath: data/05_model_input/X_test.csv
+  load_args:
+    chunksize: 10
```

> Thanks to `pandas` built-in support, you can use the `chunksize` argument to read data using generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With `pandas` built-in support, you can use the `chunksize` argument to read data using generator.
```

### Saving data with Generators

> To use generator to save data lazily, you need do three things:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use generators to save data lazily, you need do three things:
```

- Update the `make_prediction` function definition to use `return` instead of `yield`.
- Create a [custom dataset](../extend_kedro/custom_datasets.md) called `ChunkWiseCSVDataset`

> - Update the `catalog.yml` to use a newly created `ChunkWiseCSVDataset`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `catalog.yml` to use a newly created `ChunkWiseCSVDataset`.
```

> You can copy the following code to `pipeline.py`, the main change is using a new model `DecisionTreeClassifier` to make prediction by chunks in `make_predictions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the following code to `pipeline.py`. The main change is to use a new model `DecisionTreeClassifier` to make prediction by chunks in `make_predictions`.
```

> You can copy the following code to `pipeline.py`, the main change is using a new model `DecisionTreeClassifier` to make prediction by chunks in `make_predictions`.

Reviewer 2: These changes should go into `nodes.py` right and not `pipeline.py` ? 
```suggestion
You can copy the following code to `nodes.py`, the main change is using a new model `DecisionTreeClassifier` to make prediction by chunks in `make_predictions`.
```

Author: nice catch!

Create the project with this command:
```bash
kedro new -s pandas-iris
```

### Loading data with Generators
To use generator functions in Kedro nodes, you need to update the `catalog.yml` file to include the `chunksize` argument for the relevant dataset that will be processed using the generator.

You need to add a new dataset in your `catalog.yml` as follows:
```diff
+ X_test:
+  type: pandas.CSVDataSet
+  filepath: data/05_model_input/X_test.csv
+  load_args:
+    chunksize: 10
```

With `pandas` built-in support, you can use the `chunksize` argument to read data using generator.

### Saving data with Generators
To use generators to save data lazily, you need do three things:
- Update the `make_prediction` function definition to use `return` instead of `yield`.
- Create a [custom dataset](../extend_kedro/custom_datasets.md) called `ChunkWiseCSVDataset`
- Update `catalog.yml` to use a newly created `ChunkWiseCSVDataset`.

Copy the following code to `nodes.py`. The main change is to use a new model `DecisionTreeClassifier` to make prediction by chunks in `make_predictions`.

> <details><summary>Click to open

Reviewer 2: The formatting doesn't look quite right when you open the file: https://github.com/kedro-org/kedro/blob/899e0c59d51d1f8de746b9ae662c5c4cc3556164/docs/source/nodes_and_pipelines/nodes.md

    )
    data_test = data.drop(data_train.index)

    X_train = data_train.drop(columns=parameters["target_column"])
    X_test = data_test.drop(columns=parameters["target_column"])
    y_train = data_train[parameters["target_column"]]
    y_test = data_test[parameters["target_column"]]

    label_encoder = LabelEncoder()
    label_encoder.fit(pd.concat([y_train, y_test]))
    y_train = label_encoder.transform(y_train)

    return X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test

def make_predictions(
    X_train: pd.DataFrame, X_test: pd.DataFrame, y_train: pd.Series
) -> pd.Series:
    """Use a DecisionTreeClassifier model to make prediction."""
    model = DecisionTreeClassifier()
    model.fit(X_train, y_train)

    for chunk in X_test:
        y_pred = model.predict(chunk)
        y_pred = pd.DataFrame(y_pred)
        yield y_pred

def report_accuracy(y_pred: pd.Series, y_test: pd.Series):
    """Calculates and logs the accuracy.

    Args:
        y_pred: Predicted target.
        y_test: True target.
    """
    accuracy = accuracy_score(y_test, y_pred)
    logger = logging.getLogger(__name__)
    logger.info("Model has accuracy of %.3f on test data.", accuracy)
```

> This `ChunkWiseDataset` is a variant of the `pandas.CSVDataset` where the main change is to the `_save` method that append data instead of overwriting. Below is an example of the `ChunkWiseCSVDataset` implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ChunkWiseDataset` is a variant of the `pandas.CSVDataset` where the main change is to the `_save` method that appends data instead of overwriting it. Below is an example of the `ChunkWiseCSVDataset` implementation:
```

```python
import pandas as pd

from kedro.io.core import (
    get_filepath_str,
)
from kedro.extras.datasets.pandas import CSVDataset

class ChunkWiseCSVDataset(CSVDataset):
    """``ChunkWiseCSVDataset`` loads/saves data from/to a CSV file using an underlying
    filesystem. It uses pandas to handle the CSV file.
    """

    _overwrite = True

    def _save(self, data: pd.DataFrame) -> None:
        save_path = get_filepath_str(self._get_save_path(), self._protocol)
        # Save the header for the first batch
        if self._overwrite:
            data.to_csv(save_path, index=False, mode="w")
            self._overwrite = False
        else:
            data.to_csv(save_path, index=False, header=False, mode="a")
```

After that, you need to update the `catalog.yml` to use this new dataset.

```diff
+ y_pred:

> +  type: kedro_generator_example.chunkwise.ChunkWiseCSVDataSet

Reviewer 2: This import depends on how they've named the project right? Should we give more specific guidance on that?
